everybody welcome back to Norton land
please the binding of issac entereth
plus we're just like rollin basically
this isn't going to be keeper it's not
going to be the losted okay it is going
to be Judas probably like one of the
most tenuous characters to be even more
so than the lost early but of course
consistently a little easier once you
get into the the meat of the run f2 to
b9 rnt we are like you know we're like a
an egg right now one day we're going to
hatch into over a bus lizard that can
you know use its venom to take down all
sorts of prey in the Sahara Desert
but for now you know we're just a thin
shell we can get cracked pretty easily
we need to find a spirit heart to
protect us the spirit heart in this case
is a lizard nest lizards late there's
definite snakes lay eggs right this is
actually you know I make fun of people
who make fun of me for not knowing
things about the animal kingdom despite
having a degree in biology this is
probably something I should know but I
got to be honest with you it's not
really what you do biology it's like you
know you spend a lot of time culturing
plates of agar and then growing bacteria
on them in different conditions you do a
few dissections and then they're like
hey just get out of here here's your
degree it's not so much like classes of
just a teacher going you know lizards
lay eggs the Gila monster god ah well
like I said our head got cracked alright
would you just again v7 HLT w3e you win
the keeper run you lose the keeper or
you lose the Judas run you win the last
run
you lose the Judas or I never should
have been hit there it's completely my
own fault but yeah you know I feel like
that's like the same for anything like I
mean for those of you who are in college
you might be able to relate but for
those of you haven't gone to college yet
those of you are gynecologists yet
you know you might be thinking about
what to take probably not though cuz I
don't know no not again what the heck do
these enemies it'll make them like this
anymore
you know I know that I was like that
when I was in high school I was like
what am I gonna take in college I don't
know
geez I guess biology like I like biology
what do I know about biology you know
what you do in biology class say you
know here's the theory of evolution now
let's talk about the krebs cycle you
know you go to college for physics you
know you're coming off high school doing
all these sweet experiments with the
optics and you know elastic collisions
and stuff like that double slit
experiments plus the science is pretty
good too if you know what I mean you get
up there and you're doing experiments
well you're doing a lot of calculations
I must break him
JG 6 RT pH 9 is not me trying to
dissuade you you know academia is cool I
mean that sincerely I respect I'm still
in school myself I wilfully take night
classes sometimes I get comments from
that means they're not in physics as you
might expect not too much of a cottage
industry for you know teaching adults to
do physics well that's not true Khan
Academy is killing it right but oh yes
epic egg please let's redeem ourselves
this rhymes gotten off the rails already
sometimes I have people they go why you
going to school oh don't die on this one
they go why are you going to school
you've already got a job
by all accounts it's a good job it might
be the best job depending on you know
what you value in your life the answer
is I love learning and I think I think
more people should everybody I think I
think is in the innate human human brain
you know the human brain the one we all
got in our human skulls and it's just
like to learn something to commit it to
memory and actually understand a concept
is like a serotonin release I think that
education system sometimes does not do
fantastic job of getting that out there
you know
because at least a lot of public schools
like the one I went to is kind of just
like you know glorified daycare but it's
going to happen I suppose and you're in
them for 900 hours a day
HP please thank you alright don't die on
this one we got it going I don't know
why we were already in rant territory
here but certainly we want to take jar
of flies on a run in which we have 44
damage there's spirit art in there as
well anyway the whole point of the story
is that there is no point to the story
but you might find that yourself you
know I know I definitely I knew kids
when I was like 12 that were like I
can't wait til I'm done high school cuz
then I never have to go to school again
and there is something to be said about
that although I fundamentally disagree
with looking forward to that for me
personally at least I understand it at
the same time there is something to say
for if you don't like learning in an
academic environment you might as well
be working because at least you know
you're doing something that's maybe more
in your wheelhouse and you're making
money you're not being held somewhere
effectively against your will careful
careful careful we're going to make it
well yeah you might find that yourself
you know education can be cool as long
as you you got your own foot in the door
you got your own choice I don't know
where I'm getting that with this anyway
let's move along here the point is I
should know whether or not Lizzy's lay
eggs but I don't and I'll just admit
that I don't better to know where your
flaws lie to be honest with you I got
decent marks but I wasn't necessarily a
great biology student I definitely had
friends and classmates that you know
they were like wow I'm really interested
to find out how my spectrometer results
come back from that bird egg exam and I
was like I want tell me that we never
should have taken that but tell me more
about you because I want to be like you
if I had watched the jungle book
recently I would have sang the song but
I don't know it
I'm a little nervous that I may have
screwed us with like a time-delayed
Loki's horns here that I didn't even
think about until after I'd already
picked it up as long as we're aware of
it could this be a very strange run on
which we actually want to depress our
luck value and I'm not talking about
press our luck
I'm literally means we want to depress
our luck as much as possible so if our
luck stats stays low is that what
dictates whether we shoot with Loki's
horns or not of course the other
alternatives are very obvious explosion
invincibility helpful pyromaniac even
better you definitely takes a cossaks
you don't take to your detonator you
don't take sharp plug you could stack
spirit hearts I think you can take
champion belt although to damage is
meaningless so maybe that was a little
over the top here but you know it's a
good rule of thumb to follow champion
belt tends to be very good but this is
not necessarily relevant for us what's
much more relevant for us in our
existing situation is probably finding a
way to generate more HP you know what
would do it for us the relic it's kind
of a great item of course it's not like
I'm saying hey this item is really slept
on everyone knows the relic is great
once every four rooms you grab a spear
at hard but the reason I think in
particular that would be awesome for us
is because we're probably never going to
hit ourselves once every four rooms you
know we only shoot maybe one out of
every ten shots right now ends up being
a Loki's horn shot so I'm I'm thinking
mathematically speaking especially with
flies which as you've noticed are not
exploding that doesn't work towards a
beelzebub transformation as well but
especially if we use our flies properly
and each one of them does 80
well 94 damage I think unless they don't
inherit all of it for whatever reason
maybe they don't override the virtual
method of the
and lots of programming where it's
thrown together to make you think I know
what I'm doing but actually I'm a novice
okay let's see what we've got all good
stuff the only thing that's bad about
the Flies is ever the Flies kill an
enemy they don't generate a fly off of
that kill so it would be nice that we're
different but it would also in this
situation basically mean that we could
just have one fly from jar of flies that
killed everything because it would just
recycle itself into more flies and what
I'm thinking to myself right now is the
problem with that is what because that
sounds pretty sick but we actually had a
good locust horn there these pills
coming from we have perks and addicted
on the same room here that you know that
weird bug territory I think if we get
hit so let's try not to do that
all consumables on the ground are about
to be rear old that's actually great for
us because we really only care I
shouldn't gulp them we really only care
about spirit hearts so we can finagle
those into existence I'm a happy man
speed ups great and honestly lazy worm I
think is good not in most situations but
in this one it's not really about how
long it takes to reach its destination
it's about the fact that we can track
its progress and and you know the
direction is taking to get there so that
we have more time to plan our escape if
it looks like it's going to head in a
direction of deleterious for us so know
what I'm sorry jar of flies I am for
real never meant to leave the jar of
flies I've got the fog get me now
surprise I'm sorry jong-il flies I am
they me I have to take call forget me
now otherwise I'll have it cow okay well
we need to take yarrow with us when we
go down to the next floor you know it'd
be sick
is a 9lives pickup right here and by
sick
I mean nearly compulsory am i right
because we could actually die so easily
you got a go dude so we're not going to
get Nine Lives
Chara flies is so good though what we
still could get nine lines it's like an
eight percent chance of seeing nine
percent chance we really should take jar
flies which means we really shouldn't
take jar of flies because this is way
more hilarious but you know that's thank
you however we're based at any given
time we're too bad dice rolls away from
finding ourselves in heck and I don't
like to use strong language like that
but we're going to head down to the next
floor we're not going to use the
forget-me-now right now we're going to
use it on a floor in which we find a
better space bar item that we'd like to
replace the forget-me-now with ie Jarrah
flies but I digress or we're going to
use it as a novel teleporter to get us
out of boss rush we only take half a hit
from getting hit with half a heart I
should say from getting hit with if a
kak it's actually very reassuring
still means oblivion is closer than I'd
like to be did you guys ever realize
that we're closer to the release of
Bethesda's 2005 Elder Scrolls game of
libyan than the egyptians were to the
creation of the Sphinx see that's a joke
about and you don't worry about it
he's always online you see like you know
TI l steve buscemi was a fire fighter
volunteer firefighter at least not i
said it like that was an insult yeah
well he wasn't a fire fighter he
volunteered he was doing it for free
which I don't respect oh that's a great
balls of steel so what do we do check it
we drop bombs like mad because we have
99 of them instead of running into
enemies but anyway people always say
like we're closer to the reign of
Cleopatra than Cleopatra was to the
building of the pyramids there's a cool
thing to keep in mind you know because
we when people look back on history I
think they tend to see it as like a flat
they see it as a photograph instead of a
video you know they see it as a static
image instead of a moving picture that
has you know time is a scale that's
that's important in telling that story
but obviously that's not the case dude
I'm actually hopeful that negative one
luck is meaningfully good for us it
sounds ridiculous
but I believe it
I want no scrubs who are guys who can't
get much love for me a scrub is a guy
who thinks he's fly also known as a
Buster always talking about what he
wants well he just sits on his broke ass
so no I don't want your number no I'm
not gonna give you mine no I don't want
to take you nowhere no I don't want none
of your time no scrubs is a song I will
never be able to relate to I mean I'm
having a bit of a crisis right now and
realizing that I never really liked no
scrubs as a song it's not because I
found it offensive I was just always
like it's a little rich Lisa left eye
Lopes what do you mean you don't want
those scrubs one of the scrubs don't
want you I know that you are inferring
that the scrubs do want you from the
fact that you're singing a song called I
don't want no scrubs you know I'm
talking for the passenger side of your
best friend's ride trying to holler at
me I doubt that the situation that's
ever happened well I don't know I can't
say that for certain the problem is I
also don't know if the scrubs are likely
to be listening to the song you know
what about me am i a scrub I mean I'm a
scrub and eyes because we all know but I
didn't own a vehicle for quite some time
I lived in and say well I still do I
live in a city with good public
transportation as long as you're on one
of the two sky train lines you know what
about what if I'm hanging on the
passenger's side of the sky train line
trying to holla at you you know what I
wouldn't because I'm a faithfully
married man and luckily at one point in
her life my wife she didn't say she
wanted to scrub necessarily but she was
like you know what I'll judge each scrub
on a case-by-case basis because people
are worth more than just the sum of the
materials in their wallets
I think that's a bad message I always
thought it was very brazen by always I
mean I literally just thought of this
but don't you think it was pretty brazen
then on the first single from that album
TLC said ah no one no scrubs scrub as a
guy who can't get no love for me ie fuck
poor people and then the second one was
about the media making you feel like
you're inadequate that's a song by the
name of unpretty you can buy in hands
that won't go you can casinos if he says
so you can't have it both ways TLC the
message cuts is artificial first one is
like hey buy a car then you can ask me
out second one is like don't let the
media tell you you're not beautiful
that's not a fair one-two punch very
totally dissonant and quite honestly I
don't know what to believe anymore Lisa
left eye Lopes chief al I don't know
she's got to take an L on that one who's
the there's um chilli and then T who's
the T from TLC TLC give me a second
known TLC group Tionne t-boz Watkins
that's right Lisa left eye Lopes and
Rozonda chilli Thomas I know that Lisa
left eye Lopes is you know subsequently
passed away I don't mean to besmirched
your memory at all I'm just saying the
song I mean first off you're like 17
years old at this point we can we get
dispense with the notions of being
offended on TLC's behalf for their
magnum opus here we on thank that's one
okay so we do have a great deal with the
devil chance here I'm just saying
that's like if Christina Aguilera's
first single from her 2003 album dirty
was dirty and then her second single
which in this case was you are beautiful
no matter what they say you know if if
the second signal single had instead
been called extremely clean oh that's
dangerous that's the situation that we
have here I don't want poor Babylon
right now it's too dangerous you would
be concerned well not concerned you
would be confused you'd like which is
the christina aguilera dirty or
extremely clean I can't take you
seriously I don't have anywhere else to
go from that just it's always kind of
bothered me and again by always I mean
like literally never until this exact
moment what we do have brewing here
though during the midst of this TLC
rampage you know what it is it's like a
biggie azalea's first single was fancy
and then her second single was trash it
was trash
probably but trashy I don't know about
that dude great opportunity
good stuff d8 well actually like an
extremely great role except we might die
and we might tie to the same champion
who killed us on the first run who do
that's a extremely clutch get right
there we might not have really wanted to
get a humbling bundle but if it starts
paying for itself it's going to do so in
a big way
so what's run dank types one we're a
little ahead of schedule here's the game
plan
first you go in get all the stuff go to
boss rush take an item from boss rush
forget-me-now then we hope to have God
in the teleport card at that point we
can steal two items from boss rush and
the world's your banana know what that's
supposed to mean it's just really Corgan
says the world's yo banana dude it boo
boo - boo - that's maybe that's where my
musical prowess lives emulating the
talkbox from Fon Jovi's magnum opus
living on a prayer you ever feel like if
you were like the bassist in a band and
the would you ever let the main singer
named the band after him or her for that
matter seems like kind of a crap deal
right you know I don't want to be a part
of Van Halen
what is it you've got four people here
we get to be on your name you know
kickstart your hard-ons Motley Crue it's
a different band might as well jump you
know it's not anything without that
static content yeah the Kings good
that's Panama you know you get the idea
the point is I don't know what I'm
talking about when it comes to a lot of
80s rock but she was a fast machine
ending she kept her motor clean I know
that much for a flip in fact buddy um
how many of horf pills are you going to
give me on a run that already has it's a
CAC so little ridiculous but then you've
got subversions as well like Santana
it's not really a band but I'm sure he's
got like a touring band it's named after
the guitarist unless the wait the
Santana also sing black magic woman oh
my god dude this run was actually I
think my brain just broke halfway
through this ridiculous Judas series
here I'm going to call it with three
losses but thanks for watching hope
you've enjoyed episode if you did click
the like button how's that a great deal
of course subscribe you wanna see more
in the future but for now thanks for
watching when you when it rains it pours
man I'll see you next time